Okay, so by agents, I mean real people. So right now I have a guy in Michigan who doesn't want to use his personal phone number, and I also have a guy in Poland. So I think I would probably need to buy phone numbers for each person in Twilio. But yeah, when you're looking at the user interface, there are multiple places to make a phone call. You can either click within the store details card. You also have the follow-up center, and the follow-up center has a call button. You also can be in the clients, you can be within the clients space, and you can click in the store details card there. Or you can click directly in the phone number column.

And so, you know, ideally, what we'd be doing is something kind of very lightweight, brand-new files. And me as the super admin would be able to, like, look at the organization or within the admin folder, I'm not sure. And we can have, you know, I'm not sure. You can call from your computer. And for me, it seems pretty simple. Like, it should be simple, right? We don't need to overengineer this and do crazy things. We already have call history. We already have all that stuff. We have the call history on the dashboard. You have a call history button right there. On the dashboard, you have the follow-up module, which is a different version of call history. So I suggest that you study those other modules and see how those things are done so that you can see how we can plug this thing in. Because it needs to work.

You know, we need to have that TEL link working for people who don't have a phone number assigned, such as myself. I have an American phone number and I like to use my own phone. So I just use the CRM for clicking the link and then it launches a call from my phone. But for those who do need to do voice-over-IP, I want this to be a seamless integration. You know what I mean? I don't want these integrations to fight each other. I surely don’t want to be able to add two phone-number integrations for these two new agents and then lose my ability to make regular phone calls with the TEL link. So, like I said, do some kind of audit, figure out what you're talking about before you have an approach. You need to better understand the system.