Okay, so yeah, that's basically what I want. I think that we can deep dive into the relevant SQL tables to make sure that we have all of the columns. Because at the end of the day, what we want to do is we want to, at least for this particular campaign, right? So first of all, I want to make something that's generic that can be used for multiple campaigns. So campaign number one are the tires, where we are calling around to a variety of different sized businesses. And we are asking them if they are purchasing tires for company vehicles. And if they are, we mention to them the companies that are in court. And we ask them if they purchased those tires. If they did, what we really need from them is we need them to come to us and give us proof of purchase, right? Which in Poland, there's an official invoicing system called FAKTURA. That is the name, Polish name for a business invoice. And so once we have this Polish invoice, then we can take it to the legal team and help build out the case and have a collective of plaintiffs. Because this is basically for class action lawsuits, right? And so, yeah, what is really important for us is that we're having these voice agents call out to these companies to survey them to see if they qualify and also get the right person to be in contact with. And so the fact of the matter is, is that 90 plus percent of the time when we're calling these businesses, the agent is going to be talking to the wrong person. And so the agent needs to find out who the right person is and if they can talk to them now. Or what's the best way to talk to them? Because best is over the phone. What is their name? What is their email? What is their job title? All of which I believe we have columns for in at least one of the SQL tables that is relevant to this part of the campaign. And then from there, if they are available to talk, we get them on the phone. We tell them about the case. We say, hey, here's what's going on. Please send us your invoices and we'll try to get your money reimbursed. And if they aren't available, then the agent simply asks, when are they available? And then our system needs to automatically schedule them in the call manager. They need to be automatically scheduled in the call manager's voice hub, right? So we already have batch calling. We already have the ability to have a chosen agent. And basically, you know, they will be auto scheduled to call back at the time that the person requested that they call back. And that's pretty much, that's the vision.