Okay, I need you to do a full audit on the following features because, at this particular moment, they seem quite broken. Right now, from what I can tell, we have some modules in the header. So, for example, as the super admin, I should automatically always see Platform, Organization, and Admin. And then within the Platform tab, I have my super admin dashboard, which has a Tenants tab. That Tenants tab allows me to go into the Legal Leads or the NMU Hemp Wick tenant, of which I'm the master. And then that allows me to choose who doesn't see what.

The problem right now is that it appears that some of the modules are slipping past. I had to do a rollback because, for some reason, even with me logged in as the super admin, after you changed something with analytics and pipelines, I was no longer able as the super admin to see the Platform tab at all. And therefore, in Organization and Admin, even viewing the Tenant dropdown was completely missing. The strange thing was that it was not missing on the test side, but it was missing in the live dev side. And I don't know how that could possibly be happening. And so we need to try to diagnose how that can happen.

I'm not sure which files are used for the specific permissions that a super admin has, or that an admin has, or that an agent has. Because when I go into Platform and I choose which modules, of which now there are 12, but in reality, we have 14. If you include Dashboard, which I would not include Dashboard because Dashboard is default for everyone, kind of. Well, no, I guess I would include Dashboard. So if you include Dashboard, Clients, Follow Up, Map Search, Sales, Assistant, Docs, Label Manager, Analytics, Pipelines, Qualification, Call Manager, eHub, and Apollo, you will realize that there are more modules than there are allowed modules in my Edit Tenant Card.

And the important thing is that when a tenant loads into their system, they should not even be aware at all that those other modules even exist. They should not see the names flash for a microsecond or anything. Their system just needs to simply load with the allowed modules. And if a particular agent decides to hide an additional module, let's just say, for example, for the NMU WIC, right now I have Assistant, Documents, Map Search, and Sales Analytics with the Label Designer available for them to choose to use. And if a particular agent doesn't want to see Map Search, then it is more than capable of going to their individual settings. And within their settings, they can go to their Modules section where they have Module Visibility, and they can choose to turn off Map Search.