Yeah, it's like you don't get it. If we're sending a thousand emails and each one of them is in a strict slot, in a strict cycle, right? My rules are super strict. There is no such thing as catch up. We have a bin of emails that need to be sent, and the system has a daily limit, and there's a start hour in a 24-hour period, and there's a duration hour in a 24-hour period, and we are not allowed in any way, shape, or form to go around it. It doesn't matter if the email was supposed to send Tuesday at noon and for some reason it couldn't. It's not going to decide to send itself as fast as it can. Miss slots don't matter. They just go back to the pile. Like, it doesn't matter. What matters is not getting flagged for spam. I've created the eHub in theory so that it acts as like a real employee as possible and we don't get caught. That's it. All I want is for my emails to just go out to people automatically without me having to deal with it. But the number one reason why I haven't is because you and your predecessor have built a system that just wants to get the job done. And there's no such thing as getting the job done. I will always be adding hundreds of emails to that bin of emails and will always be behind. We never want to even catch up on emails. If the system catches up on emails, then I'm not even doing my job because that means there's not enough emails. You know what I mean? There's no catching up. There's no such thing. If the queue is all set for that day and I turn it off because I pause the sequence and those emails never get sent and they just get shoved out the back, then so what? They just go to the pile. It needs to be that simple. This is just that simple. We have a daily email limit. Whatever I set it, if I change the email and save the settings, then the queue can update itself, and the queue is in charge of finding who to send based on whatever the priority levels are. I don't even care. But we have holiday blackout days. We have active days. We have unactive days. You know what I mean? We have lots of things to consider, but we cannot try to play catch up.