Now, I'm telling you, we might have fixed the over-sending somewhere around the end of November, but you'd have to check the gets for that. I just want to make sure for sure that the emails won't over-fire, because I think what ended up happening was, let's just say the system sent out 50 emails and the next emails were up for a Phase One or Phase Two sending. For some reason, it was just blasting out emails like 10 every minute to try to catch up. The system shouldn't try to catch up because the number one rule is the daily limit and the jitter range so that it looks like a normal person. Because the goal of the eHub is to have a bot that is sending emails for however many hours per day, but it absolutely looks like a human because we don't want to just get spam flagged. And I can tell you for one thing, all of those emails that got sent to those people and there was like 100 people or whatever, I don't know, no one responded. So I'm going to assume it just went to spam because they were all garbage. But in theory, if I resume that sequence, then eHub should see those emails that I sent, and it should decide, "Oh, okay, we've already sent an email. We're going to send them follow-ups as quickly as possible." I would rather send out a thousand fresh emails to a thousand fresh companies and then have follow-ups happen afterwards. Because right now it's more about getting our name out there rather than nagging people who haven't responded. But that's on me with how I do the step delays in the email campaigns. You know what I mean? If I make the step delay one or two days, that's on me. When really, for now, as I'm sending out so many different emails to different people, I should be sending out 25 emails a day to fresh people and then having follow-ups happen after a month or something like that. You know what I mean?

Yeah. So, if there is no runtime daily limit check, you know, the thing is that we have the queue, and the queue is supposed to work with the daily limit. An email is supposed to be designed to go in each slot of the queue, and the queue is supposed to control who and when gets an email. You know what I mean? So it would be good if every system understood that there is an email, but when you look at the queue, it's like, hey, there are 25 email slots for today. Therefore, we can only send one email per slot, and this is the email that's been assigned to that slot. Like, it's really that simple to me.