Are you going to record now? Okay. So I'm looking at the, I clicked the clear button. Okay. So when I click clear, the super admin defaults to its default, which is NMU Hemp Wick tenant. The users is showing correct. The support tickets. Now I'm not seeing anything. Um, which is not good. Oh, there we go. It is actually showing something. Um, but it did take a second to populate. Um, so it would be good if there was some kind of loading. Um, either way, whether I'm looking in the view of NMU Hemp Wick or NMU Leads in the support tickets section, um, it should still show the same thing because I'm super admin. So if I click on Legal Leads and it goes to switching. Now, I, I guess I am seeing both. If I go to campaigns and if I look at Legal Leads, I am seeing tires, which is good. If I switch over to NMU Hemp Wick and I, okay. So if I switch over to NMU Hemp Wick, then the tabs change, which is expected. Um, so campaigns becomes available, which is good. NMU Hemp Wick doesn't have campaigns. It has reports, which is good because that's sales associated. And then we have calendar. Um, calendar for NMU Hemp Wick seems correct. And then if I go to calendar for Legal Leads, um, it seems that it's a mirror of NMU already. But if I go over to the calendar, um, as the admin, not the super admin, but the admin of Legal Leads, then I do see its calendar tabs. And again, if I go to OpenAI, um, under Legal Leads, I'm still seeing, um, the original system prompt. And then I do see Aligner tab is showing aligner assistant not found. Please check database configuration. If I switch over to NMU Hemp Wick, then I do see the Aligner, um, as I believe I should. So we're still having some bleeding problems. and this is after 23. mins of work...
 So I'm really wondering to myself, like, do you actually see this? Like, do you see what I see in the code? Because in the admins tab for the Legal Leads, we have one thing. And then in the admins tab for the NMU Hemp Wick, we have a different set of tabs. I have included pictures of both. Both of those tab sets look normal, but we're still having bleeding issues, right? Like in Legal Leads, I'm still seeing, okay, so it's just, it's very inconsistent. So now I'm looking under Legal Leads, and now I see the legal calendar the way it's supposed to. I look at OpenAI, and now I see it like it's supposed to. I look at Aligner, and Aligner is still showing NMU's aligner. But then it's also saying connected to OpenAI assistant, blah, blah, blah, click sync to OpenAI. So it's like, some of it is still wrong. You know, it's just, it's like there's some caching issues that when I click Legal Leads, there's still some caching problems with what NMU Hemp Wick tenant shows. It's like, when I select that view, all of those tabs need to update all at once. Like there needs to be some kind of loading screen or some forced refresh or something, so that it all shows the correct thing. 