My question that I have to myself after looking over what you said is this: we have an e-hub that is able to create and write automatic emails. The thing is, the e-hub at this particular moment looks at a business listing in our store database Google Sheet. It looks at the email column and then it sends that particular email. 

One thing that we have at a certain point is, once we have contacted them, we then open up a separate sheet called Commission Tracker. That Commission Tracker sheet has a point of contact email, a point of contact phone, and the point of contact title. The thing is, though, is that Commission Tracker is specifically used for claiming individuals. So I’m almost thinking to myself that it’s actually best perhaps to do this in an SQL instead of straight Google Sheets. I think that we’re going to have to modify a little bit how the e-hub does the work, because it’s going to have to allow for pulling in extra data, I guess. 

Because if we’re getting our initial company information from store database, which is a Google Sheet, but then we’re enhancing that data with Apollo and finding one, two, or three contacts, then those three contacts—as you may imagine—do not belong in the Google Sheets. They really don’t. And so we need to think of a way. We’re probably going to have to audit the e-hub right now to figure out how we can include them, right? Because right now, all contacts is saying: within this set, do we or don’t we have people to contact? And so, in fact, right now, the way that e-hub is, I think, because of the way I changed our contact system from our Google Sheets, I’m actually showing that there are no contacts found at all, even though there are. And so, even that needs to get fixed, but that’s not a problem for now. I’m just trying to figure out how we create the Apollo section and that we enhance it with the right people, and that when we choose those people and we get their contact information, we’re putting that information in the right place that the e-hub can use to send and schedule them emails.