Okay, so the fix is that the Q query truly focuses on the present. It only finds slots whose time is now. Yes. So if I resume something, it is now. If I resume a sequence at 3:02 and an email was meant to be sent out at 2, then the jitter doesn't matter because now is now. And then it just looks at the jitter, right—5 to 20 minutes or whatever it is.

You know, I’m going to give you a real example. If we’re sending 25 emails a day, here’s how it works. If we start at 9 o’clock in the morning and we go for 8 hours, okay? And I make it to where… you know what? Basically, that’s never going to happen. We’ll start over. If we start at 10 and we are doing emails until 3 p.m., that’s 5 hours, because I never want emails to come early in the morning and I never want emails to arrive late in the day because of just emails. That means the calculated email spacing for 25 emails in that period is every 12 minutes. That means that we can have a jitter between 9 and 15 minutes and on average still send 24, 25 emails in that period, right? And that’s all the Q should care about.

The Q should say, okay, I’m allowed to send emails in this time slot. And, you know, I think what makes it a little bit more challenging, too, is we bring in an interesting dynamic because the reality is that we want to send emails in our sending configuration, which is based on our local time. But we’re actually sending emails overseas. So we’re sending emails to American companies, which have a 6- to 9-hour time difference between us. And we’re also looking at each entry we’re looking at each email and seeing what their business hours are because we don’t want to send them an email until an hour after they’ve opened. And we don’t want to send an email after, let’s just say, 2 p.m. their local time. And so, you know, it’s not a 100% easy job for the Q to find people. But it’s like, generally speaking, the first couple slots of the day, I expect to be Eastern Time Zone. And the last couple slots of the day, I assume, could be Pacific Time Zone. You know what I mean? But it’s up to the Q to decide somehow. And I don’t fully understand the Q logic because I’m not a coder. I have vibe coded all of this. Yeah, that’s just how it has to be.