Because we're creating a parent record, we're creating a new parent. So that means that the parent will have its own unique link and on the commission tracker sheet, each individual location will be a child of this parent. So they will have a unique link in the commission tracker, which will look something like this. The column is S. It's called parent link. It is in the commission tracker. DBA is in column R and parent link is in S. We also have the unique links being produced in the A column, which is link for the commission tracker. That means that this unique link also needs to be transferred by you with code upon submission. So I would say the commission tracker stuff needs to be written first. And then the unique code from the parent only, the parent DBA, needs to be brought into the store database sheet into column C, which is link. Because those two unique IDs need to be linked properly. And then what we need to do is we need to, what I see in this form is we're missing the address, city and state. As well as phone number and email. Just standard stuff for the new parent corporate office. As far as data goes, in the commission tracker, we have the DBA, which in the picture you can see is 123 test name and 20 past four test. That DBA name, the actual name that goes into the sheet, that name comes from the DBA company name form, which is at the very top of the multiple locations claim DBA with multiple stores checkbox. So you have DBA company name. And then what goes in store database is the DBA, which is the DBA, which is DBA. So the DBA name from the commission tracker gets transferred by your code in the CRM software over to the store database. The rest of the information from this form, which needs to be updated to include address, city, etc. Also gets injected into the bottom of the store database into a brand new row. That's all you got to worry about. Even when you see the 2, I have a few comments about this with three, which will show you a bit recebaixer. Now you see obviously the full companies here. But you will see that like 2,300 rubbing putting cut together in your foot. Really spectrum of sources of 2,600 has been applicable in your water. Next step is the other way. Once you see top five, next step is the 2,300 rubbing will go out. And when you see one of the three points to move in, we've taken a group of 1,000 qualité. And when you see morph in just the area of a series, you may have to consider. Please mismatch can be speak of SCHMI at 1,000 towards the233omi you can change it from the ground. An example is the 1,000 hurt patch site, unless it's an advice. So you may want the first piece to choose from the list price.