Okay, so first of all, I think that you should look at Apollo so that we can figure out what the SQL table even needs to look like. And then you can look at the, I will show you the tab names for the store database as well as the tabs for the commission tracker so that you can see the difference. Because, you know, one thing, one thing that's for sure is the link column in commission tracker and store database are, are the thing that makes the link. It makes it unmistakably the same. And so I want the SQL table that's for Apollo to also include this link column because that way when all three of the link columns are the same thing, we know we're 100% talking about the same company. Right. And so that would mean that the SQL, let's just say we pull in three employees for this company. Each one of those employees would have the same link column identification, right? Which for everything that we're getting from Google, it's, it's just maps.google.com URL. And that is extraordinarily unique. And that's, that's how we're tracking that. And so I think that we need to come up with a really good PRD. We need to come up with a plan. We need to figure out what Apollo is going to bring to the table and what the user interface is going to look like so that we can first kind of build out the user interface first and build out the SQL table first. That we can, what I expect to see is, I expect to see the Apollo will look at my tenant's name and it will look at the project name. And when it looks at the project name, then we will be seeing, we will be seeing, in this case, we have pet US sales. With pet US sales, we have, I don't know, I would say about 60 listings. Um, and from there we can do a small test. Um, so after all is said and done, once we have this Apollo enhancement, which would be for super admins and admins only, this would not be for regular, uh, sales agent role to be using or seeing. Um, basically, you know, we will have a, a list of, um, listings to enhance. Um, and we know that they're enhanced because, um, well, they just, they just have no data. Um, in fact, only at this particular moment, only three of them do have data in the email column. The rest are phone numbers only. Um, so, yeah, we need to, we need to work on that for sure. Um, so, yeah, we need to, we need to work on that for sure.