Okay, right now I'm confused about what I'm supposed to be seeing and what I'm not supposed to be seeing.

Currently, I see a "Campaigns" section. Here, I can manage my email campaigns, and the table has the following headings: Name, Subject, Status, Recipients, Sent, Replies, and Actions. There's also a blue "Create Campaign" button. When I click it, it asks for a campaign name, an email subject, and an email body.

From what I understood, the email subject and email body were supposed to be taken care of by OpenAI. So, I'm confused about what that is for exactly.

We also have "Recipients." It says, "No campaign selected. Select a campaign from the Campaigns tab to view its recipients."

Okay, then we also have "Settings." So far, "Settings" seems to be what I want. But what I'm not seeing is a list populated by the Google Sheet of all the emails that could be sent, right? At the end of the day, I want to see a full list. Everyone, generally, is going to be getting the first pulled campaign. After that, we're going to design follow-up campaigns to go along with each.

So, I think there's a little bit of a disconnect here. What we need to create is a system in which—let's say we send out 1,000 cold emails and 10 of them reply—the system stops sending more emails to those 10 because they replied. I will respond to them directly. The other 900+ emails will get phase 2. 

At the end of the day, this system needs to allow me to design the campaigns. I need to have the ability to work with OpenAI so we can design the first campaigns. I don't know, this seems a little confusing. 

We can brainstorm about this, because right now I want to be able to use the AI to generally plug in via the sales-ready summary—which is found, as you know, in the store database Google Sheet under column P. The heading is "sales-ready summary." So, I need to have some kind of way where I can have a conversation with the AI about how some of the emails could look, so I can maybe approve them. 

The AI needs to know which signature of mine to use, which I think would be fine to handle in the AI prompt injection. The prompt injection could have my email. But what I would really love to be able to do is, right now, see a list of all of the emails that we could send to, which is generated live from the results of our Google Sheet in the "Email" column. 

Right now, from what I can tell, I'm not sure of the difference between "Campaigns" and "Recipients" because "Recipients" is just blank. It says, "No campaign selected. Select a campaign from the Campaigns tab to view its recipients." But then in "Campaigns," I guess I can see the name of the campaign, the subject of the campaign, the status of the campaign, and the number of recipients, sent, replies, and actions.

So, okay, I guess I'm starting to understand it now as I talk it out loud. Mind you, I'm doing voice-to-text on this, so that's why it's a little bit more brainstormed than normal.

But, like I said, I think we're going to need a place that just says "Email Addresses" or something similar. At the end of the day, I want to email all of the emails that we have. So, I don't know what you suggest. 

I don't think that we're ready to move on to the Gmail integration yet. I would like to see where we are as far as functionality goes before we start to integrate Gmail.