Okay, great. Now I need to work in the store details page. Right now, the template library is not persistent. It does not realize if it had been open in the last session or not. Also, and I'm talking about in the store details. So within the store details card, we have a checkbox that says "Show AI assistant." And from there, we have the ability to click on conversation, so we can expand or collapse the Wick coach column. Within there, we have conversations, and we have the template library. And I would like it if it would be persistent to know if we had the because the conversations and the template library cannot be open at the same time, but both of them can be closed. So I need it to be persistent per user, so it remembers if that user prefers to have their template library open or closed. And when there's multiple templates—in this case, we have seven—you can't scroll through the template library at all in that little sidebar. I'm going to show a little picture of what I'm talking about as well on the left half of the statuses. Also, I would like it so we have the sales info dropdown on the right side, and we have the contact information on the right side as well, as well as the basic information. And I would like that to be persistent as well. I know that at least I hope the person can reorder the sales info and the contact information and the basic information. Those settings can be clicked and dragged and reordered. But I would like it if we could have it to where it's persistent between store detail card sessions, whether or not they have the contact information or the basic information open or not. Actually, you know what? Even better. Let's take away the basic information dropdown altogether. And let's just put the store name. I want to be right next to store details. So we have "Store details" as the main heading. I want the store name to be on the right side of "Store details." That way, after that, basic information isn't even necessary at all to have.