Well, the thing is, there is for sure a lot of the stuff that we're finding on MapSearch at first that is junk data, right? So, you know, as an example, I pulled in a lot of pet stuff yesterday, but we were also getting, you know, veterinarians and other places that, and even like grocery stores or something, you know. And, and believe it or not, even a shoe store. So we're getting types of businesses that we're not necessarily interested in. And so we need to first kind of comb through that and see, first on our database side, what is the best stuff that we've pulled in from Google. And then once we decide, hey, this is good, that's when we need to enhance it.

But I think the biggest question for me is that, you know, Apollo does have, in many cases, people to, to find, right? So sometimes you might, I don't know. So let me see. For example, if I go to my, if I go to my sheet, and I type in, and I grab this, there's a really big, I don't know where they're based out of, but it's called Tom and Co. And they seem to be all over certain parts of Europe. So let's go to my sheet. So Tom and Co. is showing on Apollo that they have 600 employees. Tom and Co. is a quote unquote leading Belgian pet retail chain established in 1991 in Brussels. It operates over 200 stores in Belgium, Luxembourg, France, and is expanding into the Netherlands. The company offers a comprehensive experience combining physical stores with e-commerce featuring over 5,000 products, including premium pet food, accessories, and care items. That being said, they have in there 278 of the employees. And so, you know, I honestly find it overwhelming to go through a list of employees to try to figure out who the best person is to contact. You know, within Apollo, you can see the name, you can see the email, you can see their location, you can see the department that they're in. You know, and it's just, it's overwhelming, honestly, because there's just so much data. And I don't know what to do with it. So it just, so much data overload just makes me freeze in place. And that's why, I don't know, it's like for me, you know, I like to try to contact procurement agents, production people, sales managers, marketing managers, that kind of thing. But those are only for big companies. For smaller companies, you might be trying to just get a hold of anybody. You know what I mean? And so I'm not really sure what the real solution is. Something like Tom & Co., like I said, it's a huge company. But at the same time, I'm also interested in trying to find very small companies. If I go back to my sheet and I look up the, I don't know, someplace from, let's say, Portland, Oregon. Let's see here. So Mudbay.com, they offer stuff, right? Now, they're just considered a pet store. I got their info from Google. Google. So, okay. Actually, I was wrong. So Mudbay is from Olympia, Washington. Their employee-owned pet chain store. Founded in 1988. They have over 60 locations. So, okay. Again, those as well have 200 employees, right? Let's try again to see if I can find something that's just like a small mom and pop. Okay. There you go. So Salty's Pet Supply opened its doors in 2005 as a neighborhood pet supply store where owners could walk from their homes and apartments to find a friendly pet shop. They have one person. You know, her name is Molly Anderson and she does sales. You know what I mean? And so, for like these small organizations, when there's only like three or four people, I guess, you know, that kind of makes sense. But for big organizations, we sort of need the system to say, okay, hey, here's two to four people that you should try to contact.