Okay, so I just want to be sure, because here's the thing. Think of it like this: If I have a thousand emails to send out and I start from zero, and I want to send out 25 emails per day, and the send rates for those emails—let's just say if I only had one email—what would happen is we would send an email on day one, and two days later we would send another email, and then five days after that we would send another email, and then ten days after that we would send another email. And every ten days it would repeat. This is just a normal follow-up cycle until someone either says, yeah, I want your product or fuck off, stop emailing me.

Now, the thing is, when you have a thousand emails and you start to send out, let's just say, 20 fresh emails a day or 25 fresh emails a day for the first day or two, eventually the system is going to say, whoa, I have to send out 25 fresh emails but I also have 25 follow-ups that I have to do. There is physically no way that this system can catch up. It cannot catch up. It is like sand through an hourglass, right? Some of the sand has priority to go through the hourglass in theory, but what's the most important part is that we don't get flagged for spamming. That we maintain this human-like ability to send emails. That's what's so important.

Of course, as you've discovered, we can always add more emails so that we can send more emails in a day. That's not a problem, right? But what is a problem, right, because every time you add another email, you're massively increasing how many emails you can send in a day. But the system cannot try to catch up. The system can try to better prioritize, but it cannot try to catch up and decide on its own. That's just going to completely ignore the daily email limit because it is a hard limit per account.

So I want to make sure you say that the system is safe to resume, but I just wanted to give you my ten cents on that so you can double-check that we are safe to resume. You can talk to the architect. You can look around. If it's safe to resume, then I will upload the code right now and start sending emails.