Okay, so now what I really want to see is when we're in the client space, right? When we're in the client space, typically we might load one city or we might load one state. And what I would like to see is, in the formerly known as store details card, we have the title on top. And right now, for example, if I'm looking at one state, which is Michigan, then I'm having... I mean, even right now, if I have no states, that's actually a problem. If it is stateless, so right now, for some reason, I have 713 listings that are without a state. For whatever reason, those places are actually able to show up. If I put in Alabama, which has five states, and I sort A through Z, actually, the first thing I see is DC. So DC is not showing up in my states list, and it needs to because there's a couple dozen dispensaries in DC. But if it is stateless, then we actually need to have, on the very bottom, underneath Wisconsin, in my filter state box, we need to have Wisconsin, and underneath that, stateless. The stateless stuff, if it is blank, it cannot show up everywhere. If it is stateless, then we have to put it in the stateless box because it's just making a mess. But also, when I'm in the clients section, when I'm in the store details area, I want to see an arrow on either side of the store name, which goes across the top. That store name should be centered, by the way. And those arrows will say, on the left side of the arrow, the store listing that's above it. So let's just say we have three listings. One is Kingdom, one is Mules, and one is Seven Points. If I'm looking at the Mules, I'll see a left arrow. And on the left arrow, I'll see Kingdom next to it. And on the right arrow, I'll see Seven Points next to it. I should be able to either click the arrow or click the other name and have it instantly taken to the next listing. It's just going to make things more fluid. If there's something to save, when you click those arrows, I just want it to autosave. I want people to be able to boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, make phone calls pretty quickly. And right now, there's just a little bit too much friction.