Okay, well, for some reason you've really attached the idea of categories. I think that you've done so without really an understanding of how categories work. Categories is something that is assigned for people who have the sales version. So they have the map search and the map search applies categories. And then the clients or the qualification maybe can use that category. So maybe, I don't know, I'm trying to think of a way maybe to put categories within the project, perhaps. Perhaps, because in reality, I already told you a use case in how things are going to get done. And so what I would like is I would like for, for example, legal leads to maintain just one tenant status. That way I don't have to just make a new tenant for tires or a new tenant for Volkswagen. I want things to be on a project by project basis. And so, you know, what I've done right now, at least as far as I can tell, is for the moment, in the admin OpenAI and the admin Aligner stuff, then everything is just tenant based. But at the same time, when we go over to eHub, we have eHub settings. And those right now in the AI prompt injection space under AI personalization and the keyword bin, those are also tenant based. But I was thinking that the sequences, the individual sequences within the eHub could be project based. And that means that the, if the sequences were project based, then that means that when we're creating the campaign strategy, then the AI for that campaign strategy might be, well, as far as I'm aware, the AI for that campaign strategy is Aligner. Aligner is pretty general. But then we're also making our campaign brief. And the campaign brief would be, you know, project specific. So, you know, right now we have our project switcher at the top. So we can switch between projects, which means that they would see in the eHub all of the contacts that are qualified when we're using the qualification module. So we would see all of the qualification leads would be based on the individual project. That way we don't see any bleeding. You know, I don't want to see Volkswagen leads with tire leads. And I don't want to see PET leads with Hemp Wick leads. So, yeah, we just need to iron this out so that it works the best. Then we'll see. Thank you.