Yeah, I guess it is a bit confusing. So right now, when I'm looking as the super admin, I can see OpenAI. And OpenAI allows me in the admin OpenAI knowledge base section, we can upload a file, we can give it a file name, we can give it a category. The categories are sales scripts, objection handlers, product information, best practices or general. We can also give a product category. And for some reason, it says assigned to agent, I didn't know that was possible. I don't even know how that works, or if it's functional, if I'm being honest. Because I was assuming that we upload to the voice knowledge base in a different place. This is specifically the knowledge base that's used for the sales assistant, and the CRM stuff. And then we also have a description. And then it also has its AI specific instructions. And these are directly tied to OpenAI's website. But then we also have Aligner. And Aligner is generating emails within eHub. The typical admin does not have access to Aligner because Aligner is proprietary. So the only thing that they can do to modify Aligner is by adding things to it. And the way they add things to Aligner is by having specific AI personalization in the eHub settings for the AI prompt injection, as well as when they're developing the campaign strategy, then they have a prompt injection called campaign brief. And that's how they can inject things. Specifically. Beyond that, they can't touch Aligner at all. And I create a unique Aligner for every single tenant. And I create a unique Aligner for every single tenant. Now, as far as, like I said, the admin OpenAI goes, depending on, right now, NMU does have the original OpenAI attached to it. But Legal Leads does not. So, at this point, I'm thinking that Legal Leads would be using only Aligner for follow-up emails when needed. But then we also have, in our call manager, our call manager has its own individual knowledge library that is separate from the knowledge library that is an admin section in OpenAI. Because in the call manager, that KB library is specifically for 11 labs.