“Template Library Side Bar. 
When viewing store details they Don’t need Quick Templates we already have “Template Library Side Bar. It works, it just Needs to be adjusted. We don’t need to build something from scratch for that.   The Template Library Side Bar would show ALL of the templates that the user has Marked as “Keep in Sidebar.   You have to remember the Template builder which actually have two sections. The build Part and the Share “download” part, where they can view templates from others and import them.   For the Template Library Side Bar, each Thing in it, right now it’s a little grey card that you can delete or copy the text from, Would have more buttons on it, Edit, Or it would have some tags in it and based on the tag it would have different buttons, like the email tag would have an email button which would take that template, use the store details to fill in the markers and send a draft to gmail. We already have this gmail draft function In the system. 

Right now I am NOT focused on the template sidebar that would be the last thing to build. 

Templates Studio (Full Page)  I am thinking that the template studio is actually what we are building now and it should not be separate. I think that it should always be in the Sales Assistant as a popup. Maybe I am wrong. A new page is not always a bad thing.   I DO NOT CARE ABOUT ADMIN ANALYTICS AND CURATION. This will be their (sales agents) monster.   The Variable Strategy We will need to decided on the variables. Right now for sure I am thinking: Name (of the store) Point of Contact, POC EMAIL, POC Phone, I am sure you have more ideas and reasons.   I would want to have a variable picker, so I don’t need to make people type them out. As long as the curser is live in the text box then can insert it with a button.   As fas as featured templates I just want people to make their own choices. They can look through them. And see what fits for them.   I want to work on the staring section Last. Right now I am concerned the most with the core builder. I have a lot of notes. 